this video clip is to show you how I've
set up deflectors to produce narrow
windows out the back of the harvester
for Bernie this is my 90 97 50 JD
harvester and these panels I've had for
a number of years now it's very basic as
you can see I've removed the chopper but
I didn't have to these panels fitted in
with the chopper still mounted but
lifted up out of the road so this is
this is the panel it's just been
manufactured to sit in there I'll get
the rest of the equipment on shortly but
that's as basic as it is there's a hook
their hole actually I'll just remove it
it it's just mounted by this single bowl
and wrap it around and the bolt fits in
outfits in there
it's it's very simple well five minutes
ago was just that single panel that
you're looking at now I've finished
putting all the ten work on in dry years
I've added an extra plate so I haven't
measured this distance from here through
to hear but i would estimate 500 550
Mills that in imperial measurement just
short of two feet and off the ground it
would be about six or seven hundred mils
two and a half feet and that's it as I
said in these dry years I had paneling
on to get an arrow will win grow and in
this year once that material hits hits
these plates deflects down onto the
ground it can be narrow was 350
millimeters 14 inches so it can deflect
down into a very narrow strip in these
lot of years if I had heavy bulk odd I
just take care this panel and this panel
off and these couple of bits of
c-section just so as a bit wider I also
mount a camera CCTV camera on it you can
see that there and that will be looking
down Justin in this area because when
you stop the harvester you don't want it
to accumulate on accumulate material on
the ground and then build up and choke
the harvester as you get going it's it's
well worth the money spent just to be
able to visualize that
you restart the harvester and make sure
it's not fun if you want to see the
these deflectors in action I have other
clips on the website and those same
clips are on my youtube channel so just
look around where you found this
particular site this particular film
clip and you're sure to find another
clip with the unit in action and lubing
windrows